
Book: DeathWatch Core Rulebook
Page 365
Type:   Individual 
Faction: Tau
Name: Tau Stealth Suit

Stealth suits are a highly specialised form of Tau Battlesuit, 
designed for reconnaissance, infiltration and ambushing 
missions. They are significantly smaller than the ‘Crisis’ 
battlesuits, and carry less weaponry. What the Stealth Suits 
lack in firepower, however, they make up for in the ability to 
move almost unseen by the enemy until the very last instant. 
Stealth Suits operate in two modes. The default, passive mode 
utilises a range of technologies to dampen the suit’s electro
magnetic signature, so that enemy scanners are far less likely 
to detect it. This mode is called ‘passive’ because its use 
cannot be detected, as rather than attempting to interfere with 
enemy systems, it simply masks the suit itself. In active mode, 
however, the suit’s Stealth Field Generator comes online. The 
suit’s matte black finish ripples and blurs, resolving itself into 
a nigh-perfect representation of what lies behind, making 
it all but transparent. In addition, when operating in active 
mode, the Stealth Suit’s systems actively interfere with and 
jam enemy sensor devices. In so doing, the jamming itself will 
give away the fact that the Stealth Suits are present, but will 
make their detection nearly impossible.

WS bS S T Ag Int Per WP Fel
30 42 42 47 38 30 40 40 40
Wounds: 30
Skills: Acrobatic +10 (Ag), Awareness +20 (Per), Common Lore (Tau Empire) (Int), Concealment +20 (Ag), Dodge (Ag) +10, Speak Language (Tau, Kroot) (Int), Tracking +10 (Int), Shadowing +20 (Ag).
Talents: Hard Target, Rapid Reaction, Sprint. 
Traits: Auto-stabilised, Dark-sight, Flier 12, Unnatural Strength (x2).
Armour: XV15 Stealth Suit armour (Head 8, Body 8, Arms 7, Legs 7).
Weapons: Burst cannon.
Gear: Stealth Suit, incorporating stealth field generator, burst cannon, micro-bead, scanner.

Stealth Field Generator: The Stealth Suit’s Stealth Field Generator is always in one of two modes—Active or Passive. The mode may be changed as Free Action from one turn to the next. In Passive Mode, all Tests of any sort to detect the Stealth Suit and any Ballistic Skill Tests to hit the Stealth Suit suffer a –10 penalty (senses other than sight are unaffected). In Active Mode, any sort of Test to detect the Stealth Suit and all Weapon Skill or Ballistic Skill Tests suffer a –30 penalty (this penalty applies to all senses, including those augmented by auto-senses, scopes, and similar devices). Anyone attempting to locate a Stealth Suit may attempt an Awareness Test (keeping in mind the above penalties). Passing this test by one or more degrees of success will alert the character that his sensors are being interfered with by the Stealth Suit’s systems. If the test is passed by one or more Degrees of Success, the searcher will be aware of the Stealth Suit’s interference with his sensors, but otherwise he will not detect its effects. 
