
file://energon1/Misc/RPG/Deathwatch/Deathwatch%20-%20Core%20Rulebook.pdf

to convert a png to webp!
https://developers.google.com/speed/webp/download
C:\Source\libs\libwebp-1.6.0\bin\cwebp.exe "./src/icons/weapons/tau-missle-pod.png" -o "./src/icons/weapons/tau-missle-pod.webp"

cls;npm run build:packs;.\builds\scripts\CopyLocal.ps1

TODO: I have issues still with first load of html files.
TODO: Weapon Quality Flame  
    Has an entirely new attack dynamic PG 142 core rule book.   You dont make a BS test

Traits
    TODO: if a target has a trait size can we auto apply modifier?
    TODO: review traits if they need modifiers

Talents
    TODO: Review all talents to determine if effects can be applied to anythig

Gear:
    Relics
    Deathwatch Relics
    Chapter Relics
    Chapter Trappings
    Cybernetics
    Servitors
Rites of Battle
    TODO: GEAR - Completed up to Camo-Cloak
    There are all sorts of additions that can be added here. Melee wepaons, Ammo, Armors

Ammmunition 158
    
    TODO: we need to revisit Witch Bolts when we get to the Application of Psychic Powers and Ratings
    TODO: We need to revisit the Brain Leech Worms upgrade for cohesion damage
    TODO: We need to revisit the Devastation upgrade for cohesion damage


TODO: Need to handle called shot mechanic
TODO: "DeathWatch Training" Auto confirm RF when shooting "Alient Enemies" (non-human)
TODO: Automated Animations - Can we use this for things?

Enemies:
    TODO: continue with xenos
    TODO: Add more orks
        Create images
    

Armor:
    TODO: 163 - Artificer Armor acts like a MIU (CYbernetcis not implemented yet)
          164 - Terminator Armour has forcefield like effects    

Hordes
    TODO: Update to support psychic attacks (pg 360)
    TODO: can we expand the size traits?   Can we incorporate that into something?

Psychic Combat
    TODO: we have no combat system for psychic Powers
        Perils etc...
    TODO: Tyranids have special rules bot core rules and in mark of the xenos


Lictor

Book: Mark of the Xenos
Page: 37

Descrption: Lictors are the lone hunters of the Tyranid swarm, roving 
ahead of the hive fleet, seeking out prey and leading the 
Hive Mind to concentrations of enemies. As tall as a Tyranid 
Warrior, Lictors are distinct in appearance from other Tyranid 
creatures in a number of ways, such as a pair of long mantis
like claws extending over the creature’s shoulders which it can 
use for climbing and impaling its prey; long, drooping feeder 
tendrils that hang from its maw and greatly increase its senses, 
and shimmering chameleonic scales which allow it to hide with 
ease. A natural predator, the Lictor is patient and stealthy and 
can move past even the most alert foes, or spend days hiding 
immobile, waiting for a chance to strike once its prey’s guard is 
down. This behaviour has given the Lictor an almost mythical 
reputation amongst its foes, as a ghost-like horror which can 
strike at any time and place, before vanishing into thin air just 
as easily.

Ws Bs s T ag int Per WP fel
65 — 65 40 40 25 45 45 –
Wounds: 40
Skills: Acrobatics (Ag), Awareness (Per) +20, Climb (S) +20, Concealment (Ag) +20, Contortionist (Ag) +10, Dodge (Ag) +10, Shadowing (Ag) +20, Silent Move (Ag) +20, Survival (Int) +20, Swim (S), Tracking (Int) +20.
Talents: Ambidextrous, Assassin Strike, Berserk Charge, Blind Fighting, Catfall, Combat Master, Crushing Blow, Fearless, Furious Assault, Hard Target, Heightened Sense (Hearing, Sight, Smell, Taste, Touch), Leap Up, Lightning Attack, Sprint, Step Aside, Swift Attack.
Traits: Dark Sight, Fear 3 (Horrifying), Instinctive Behaviour (Lurk), Natural Armour (6), Multiple Arms, Size (Hulking), Unnatural Agility (x2), Unnatural Strength (x2), Unnatural Perception (x2), Unnatural Toughness (x2), Improved Natural Weapons (Scything Talons), Size  (Enormous), Tyranid
Weapons: Scything Talons (but add Toxic), Rending Claw (But add Razor Sharp and Toxic)

Special Abilities: 
Flesh Hooks: Lictors have dozens of 
tiny hooks which they can fire from 
their chests to snare prey and drag their 
victims toward them. These allow 
a Lictor to initiate a Grapple (see 
page 240 in the Deathwatch 
Rulebook) with a target up to 
10m away. With every successful 
Opposed Strength Test the Lictor 
makes as part of the Grapple action, 
the target is pulled closer by 1m plus 
1m for each degree of success. 

Chameleonic Scales: A Lictor is 
covered in chameleonic scales which shimmer and shift to 
match its surroundings and can make it practically invisible to the naked eye, plus most other 
methods of visual detection such as infrared and ultraviolet 
scopes. Whenever a Lictor uses its Concealment Skill to 
hide, all tests to detect it visually suffer a –30 penalty. In 
addition, the scales allow the Lictor to make Concealment 
Tests as a Half Action rather than a Full Action and it can 
even do so even when being observed or when there is no  
nearby cover.

Memory Devourer: When a Lictor devours the brain of its 
prey, it can learn some of its memories. Once the Lictor has 
eaten a brain, it gains access to all of the victim’s recent, most 
distinct memories (usually the location of friendly troops 
or defences). If the Lictor wishes to learn something very 
specific from the victim, such as an old memory or one the 
victim does not remember well, it must make an Easy (+20)
IntelligenceTest.